content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Simplified Schema"
description: "A simple copy-pastable version of Schema.org's content."
date: 2019-01-01 12:23:42 +0000
---

## Schema.org Markup
---

Schema.org (often called Schema) is a semantic vocabulary of tags (or microdata) that you can add to your HTML to improve the way search engines read and represent your page in SERPs.

## What is Schema.org Structured Data?
---

Schema.org is the result of collaboration between Google, Bing, Yandex, and Yahoo! to help you provide the information their search engines need to understand your content and provide the best search results possible at this time. Adding Schema markup to your HTML improves the way your page displays in SERPs by enhancing the rich snippets that are displayed beneath the page title.

-- From [moz.com](https://moz.com/learn/seo/schema-structured-data)

## Further Reading and Tools
---

- [Schema.org Official Documentation](https://schema.org/)
- [Understand how structured data works by Google Developers](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/intro-structured-data)
- [Structured Data Testing Tool by Google](https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool/)
- [Structured Data Validator by Yandex](https://webmaster.yandex.com/tools/microtest/)

Commit message:

Added Description for Schemas
Signed-off-by: praveenjuge <praveen@skcript.com>

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "A list of example schemas for your pleasure."
description: "A simple copy-pastable version of Schema.org's content."
date: 2019-01-01 12:23:42 +0000
---

## Schema.org Markup
---

Schema.org (often called Schema) is a semantic vocabulary of tags (or microdata) that you can add to your HTML to improve the way search engines read and represent your page in SERPs.

## What is Schema.org Structured Data?
---

Schema.org is the result of collaboration between Google, Bing, Yandex, and Yahoo! to help you provide the information their search engines need to understand your content and provide the best search results possible at this time. Adding Schema markup to your HTML improves the way your page displays in SERPs by enhancing the rich snippets that are displayed beneath the page title.

-- From [moz.com](https://moz.com/learn/seo/schema-structured-data)

## Further Reading and Tools
---

- [Schema.org Official Documentation](https://schema.org/)
- [Understand how structured data works by Google Developers](https://developers.google.com/search/docs/guides/intro-structured-data)
- [Structured Data Testing Tool by Google](https://search.google.com/structured-data/testing-tool/)
- [Structured Data Validator by Yandex](https://webmaster.yandex.com/tools/microtest/)
